#EXTM3U
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="rcti" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="gtv" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="mnctv" tvg-name="mnctv" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",MNCTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="indosiar" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/inews.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",INews
https://on-load.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="sctv" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_sctv_small1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",SCTV
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/204/index.m3u8?token=1999

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="indosiar" tvg-logo="http://images.useetv.com/logo_indosiar_big1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",INDOSIAR
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/205/index.m3u8?token=1999

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="antv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_antv_big1.png", ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="transtv" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_transtv_small1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TRANS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="trans7" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_trans7_small1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TRANS 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="tvone" tvg-name="TVONE" tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_tvone_big1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TV ONE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="nettv" tvg-name="NET TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/nn/net-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",NET
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="RajawaliTV" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rtv_hn.png",RTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="jtv" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_kr.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="tvri" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tvri-id.png",TVRI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="kompastv" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/kk/kompas-tv-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",KOMPAS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="beritasatu" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/berita-satu-Premium-channel-id.png",BERITA SATU Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="metrotv" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/metro_tv_id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",METRO TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MetroTV/sa_dash_vmx/MetroTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="balitv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bali_tv_id.png",BALI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="daaitv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",DAAI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="jaktv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jak-tv-id.png",JAKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="jaktv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung Tv
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ii/idx_channel_id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",IDX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cgtn_cn.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn-production-thumbor-vidio.akamaized.net/BCboNNIt8gGqFZ4ySztLA4K65_o=/640x360/filters:quality(90):strip_icc()/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/5075/dw-english-tv-stream-724fc3.jpg" group-title="SKYMEDIA",DW TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://kamiselaluada.com/img/cnbcindonesia.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",CNBC Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://kamiselaluada.com/img/bloomberg.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Bloomberg
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Gt6pRjT/EUROPremium-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Euronews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vmcp3Vk/FOXPremiumCH-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",FOX News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d5LXskk/F24-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",France 24
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bbc_world_Premium_uk.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",BBC World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ngpTzzz/TRT-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Fm2BmNL/RT-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://cdn-production-thumbor-vidio.akamaized.net/n3Udup66KQxlWEE93L2NAAOPSPs=/640x360/filters:quality(90):strip_icc()/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7150/abc-australia-2523d9.jpg" group-title="SKYMEDIA",ABC Australia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/4/43/AlJazeera.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Aljazeera English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KwN11Tr/CNA-SG-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Channel Premium Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="arirang" tvg-name="arirang" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xGM2kgN/ARRING-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Arirang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Xingkong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/17Jds9c/NHKWORLDJP-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",NHK World TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/17Jds9c/NHKWORLDJP-PPI-IP-TV.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/qq/quran-tv-sa.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Madinah TV
https://streamer-1.toffeelive.com/live/sunnah_tv_576/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tawaf-tv-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/muslim-tv-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Hidayah
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv_mu_id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TVMU
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv9_surabaya_id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TV9
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ll/life_id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",LIFE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ewtn_us.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",EWTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/Premium-tv-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Music Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/zz/zee-bioskop-in.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Zee Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F7zLNYK/HBOSIGID-S1.png", HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/brpqvXS/HBO-S1.png", HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zRXw71q/CINEMAXXID-S1.png", CINEMAX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M8W1CN1/HBOFAMID-S1.png", HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0mvzLn4/HB-HITS-S1.png", HBO HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hits-movies-sg.png", HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Scz6YSx/THRL-S1.png", Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Lvfpg2w/CELESMV-S1.png", Celestial Movie
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZDBlMjMyZDctMzkxYS0zMjg5LTk3ZmItMmZhZjNjMmVkZDUz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ll/life_id.png", Life
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_hls/Life.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/muslim-tv-id.png", MNC Muslim
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/music-tv-id.png", Music Channel
https://stream-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xGM2kgN/ARRING-S1.png", Arirang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="muslimtv" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/17Jds9c/NHKWORLDJP-PPI-IP-TV.png", NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ww/warner_tv_us.png",WARNER TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wLxzKbZ/ANNMAX-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",ANimax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YP9N2Xt/CARTNET-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Cartoon Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/boomerang_global.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Boomerang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wSSytRL/NCKJR-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Nick Jr
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d7wKKPT/NCKDEON-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Nickelodeon
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="Cartoon Network" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/kk/kids-tv-id.png",Kids Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bbc_cbeebies_uk.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",CBeebies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/baby_tv_eu.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Baby TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jGpt8H1/MIAOMI-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",MiaoMi
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/axn_east_asia.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/crime_investigation_us.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Crime Investigation
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tvn-asia-kr.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TvN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tvnmovies.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TvN movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2tCNDCG/KIX-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Kix
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hits_tv_sg.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d0WC0Dw/CNEMAWRLD-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Scz6YSx/THRL-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JKHspfC/BEBECEEART-PPI.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",BBC Earth
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6sx5XxN/AFCID-S1.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Asian Food Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/animal-planet-us.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Animal Planet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/history_us.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",History
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PjBT9qf/NATGRPCH-PPI.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",National Geographic
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yNh2qSh/NATWILD-PPI.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Nat Geo Wild
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZW8xKqW/DESCHANNEL-PPI.png",Discovery
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" group-title="SKYMEDIA" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cgtn_cn_documentary.png",CGTN Documentary
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/besmart-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/mnc-sports-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",MNCSports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/mnc-sports-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",MNCSports2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/soccer-channel-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Soccer Channel1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/soccer-channel-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Soccer Channel2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/soccerchannel-NonLiga1/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-NonLiga1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fight_sports_us.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-sports-1-qa-fr.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",BeinSport 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-sports-2-qa-fr.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",BeinSport 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ll/lifestyle-and-fashion-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="hgtv" tvg-name="hgtv" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hgtv_us.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA", HGTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tlc_uk.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TLC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ii/ie-indonesia-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ent-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/oo/ok-tv-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",OKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/vv/vision-prime-id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fmn_id.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tvn-asia-kr.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",TVN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/kk/kix-hk.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/axn_global.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/sony_one_in.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",One
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/celestial-classic-movies-hk.png" group-title="SKYMEDIA",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

